So we've written our assembly script.
We now have a web assembly function.
It's being exported.
So let's run it.
Let's run our web assembly.
Fortunately, assembly script does
a lot of the heavy lifting for you.
It's creates this index.js file.
Which automatically imports,
everything in the build directory.
So as we said before, the build directory
has, all of the files and source maps,
along with it.
And it's automatically imported right
here, through the build optimized lasme.
So if we wanna use it,
we can just call it.
So let's go ahead and call that now,
let's use node to call our function.
So what I'm going to say is,
I'm just gonna run an instance of node, so
I'm gonna say node.
And I want to import
that function we wrote.
So I'm gonna say cost,
and what do we call it?
Minus one and I'm just gonna require
that in from the index.js file.
Alright, so let's go and
run that -12 should give me a 1.
Congratulation sorry.
Clapping, clapping, nice job.
You've now written assembly script
compile to web assembly and
now you're running that
web assembly in node.
That's pretty cool.
And I love that it's just automatic.
So every function we export here will
end up being required into the index.js.
And the pull it out and use it.
We just require it in.
Using web assembly and
node is a bit more straightforward because
you don't have to fetch the wasum files.
You don't have to compile them or
anything like that.
The assembly script loader
does all that work for you.
All right, we're cruising along now.
Let's, get to something.
Well, It's a bit more
challenging I'll say,
because browsers inherently
don't have the concept of all
of the glue code that is
required to run web assembly.
We have to import that in which
we'll get to a little bit later.
But remember, Web Assembly is not this
native thing that's built into browsers
and then implicitly know how to run.
What browsers know how to
do is execute a wasum file.
That's it, but to actually glue
that together to make that useful,
we have to call it from JavaScript,
which we know how to do.
But that involves writing some glue
code to fetch that web assembly,
compile it, export those functions, and
then once we export those functions,
we can use them in JavaScript,
which is pretty cool.